Add example Bedrock .htaccess when doc root can't be changed (#413)
roots/docs: docs/bedrock/master/server-configuration.md

## Managed WordPress hosts and Bedrock

If you're using a [supported WordPress host](deployment.md#supported-wordpress-hosts) such as Kinsta, then contact support and ask them to set your document root to the `web` folder.

> If your host uses Apache web server you may create `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content

Reviewer: To make this more clear, how about something like:

> If your host uses Apache web server and you *can't* change the document root, you can create  an `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content:

Author: Looks good to me. Just noticed I paste if statement  right after another one/ Maybe for readability it would be better something like

> Sometimes you can't change the document root on hosted web server. In this case, you can create an `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content:

Reviewer: Yep that's even better 👍

Author: ```suggestion
> Sometimes you can't change the document root on hosted web server. In this case, you can create an `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content:
```

> > Sometimes you can't change the document root on hosted web server. In this case, you can create an `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content:

Reviewer: `>` needs to be removed since it's not a quote

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes you can't change the document root on hosted web server. In this case, you can create an `.htaccess` file at the root of your project with the following content:
```
